Add explanation of basic IoT concepts into docs (#3315)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/con-iot-concepts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-iot-guide.adoc

[id='con-iot-connectivity-{context}']
= IoT connectivity concepts

The Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity feature enables {ProductName} to be used for managing and connecting devices with back-end applications. In a typical IoT application, devices have different requirements than ordinary messaging applications. Instead of using arbitrary addresses and security
configurations that are typically available, developers can use the IoT services to handle device identities and security configurations explicitly, support multiple protocols often used in the IoT space, and provide
uniform support for expected device communication patterns.

> image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnMasseProject/enmasse/master/documentation/design/overview/enmasse_iot_view.png[IoT connectivity]

Reviewer: ifdef::Asciidoctor[]
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnMasseProject/enmasse/master/documentation/design/overview/enmasse_iot_view.png[IoT connectivity]
endif::Asciidoctor[]

ifndef::Asciidoctor[]
image::{imagesdir}/enmasse_iot_view.png[IoT connectivity]
endif::Asciidoctor[]

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-iot-guide.adoc

[id='con-iot-connectivity-{context}']
= IoT connectivity concepts

> IoT connectivity feature enables {ProductName} to be used for managing and connecting devices with backend applications. In a typical IoT application devices are treated differently than ordinary messaging applications. Instead of using arbitrary addresses and security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity feature enables {ProductName} to be used for managing and connecting devices with back-end applications. In a typical IoT application, devices are configured differently than ordinary messaging applications. Instead of using arbitrary addresses and security
```

Reviewer 2: maybe "have different requirements"

Reviewer: @ctron, Good suggestion

> configurations, developers want to be able to handle device identities and security configurations explicitly, support multiple protocols often used in the IoT space and provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations that are typically available, developers can use the IoT services to handle device identities and security configurations explicitly, support multiple protocols often used in the IoT space, and provide
```

uniform support for expected device communication patterns.

> IoT connectivity layer introduces a few more services to make that happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnMasseProject/enmasse/master/documentation/design/overview/enmasse_iot_view.png[IoT Connectivity]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnMasseProject/enmasse/master/documentation/design/overview/enmasse_iot_view.png[IoT connectivity]
```

> *Device registry* allows developers to register devices and provide their credentials. With these credentials devices can connect to *protocol adapters*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the key concepts is a _device registry_, which developers use to register devices and provide their credentials. With these credentials, devices can then connect to _protocol adapters_
```

> using one of the supported protocols (HTTP, MQTT, LoRaWAN and SigFox). Once connected, devices can send and receive messages from backend applications using one of the following messaging semantics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using one of the supported protocols: HTTP, MQTT, LoRaWAN, and SigFox. Once connected, devices can send and receive messages from back-end applications using one of the following messaging semantics:
```

> * *Telemetry* - allows devices to send non-durable data to the backend applications. This means that messages will be sent using the multicast address. This channel is most suited for sending non-critical sensor readings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Telemetry: Allows devices to send non-durable data to back-end applications, so messages are sent using the `multicast` address type. This option is best for sending non-critical sensor readings.
```

> * *Events* - allows devices to send durable data to the backend applications. This means that messages will be sent using the queue address. This channel is most suited for sending more important device data, like alerts, notifications and such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Events:  Allows devices to send durable data to the back-end applications, so messages are sent using the `queue` address type. This option is best for sending more important device data such as alerts and notifications.
```

> Backend applications can also send *Command* messages back to devices. Commands can be used to trigger actions on devices. Examples include updating a configuration property, installing a software component or switching the state of an actuator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back-end applications can also send *Command* messages to devices. Commands can be used to trigger actions on devices. Examples include updating a configuration property, installing a software component, or switching the state of an actuator.
```

Reviewer: @dejanb, I think "back" is unnecessary in this context/to relate that intended meaning.
